Small changes in the readme (#1)
Rickaym/Plywood-Gallery-For-VSCode: README.md

<a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Rickaym.plywood-gallery"><img alt="Extension Version" src="https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/Rickaym.plywood-gallery?style=for-the-badge&logo=verizon&logoColor=white"></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/UmnzdPgn6g"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GET SUPPORT-DISCORD-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white&color=5865F2"></a>

> A utility extension to insert code snippets from the project [*plywood-gallery*](https://github.com/kolibril13/plywood-gallery/)  into VS Code.

Reviewer: Hi mate, appreciate all the edits here, I was thinking, wouldn't it be better to just say "for graphical frameworks" rather than pointing to the PyPI core library?

It seems more intuitive and understandable to people using it as the main ideal revolves around visualizing code snippets and they probably won't be as concerned with making it or delving into technical gallery details, pointing it to a Python library might be hard as a one-line descriptor for the extension if you're just trying to see what the extension is doing. 

It would be helpful to specify this in how to make a gallery or a technical deep dive -- but I think that should be reserved on the minimal example itself where we hyperlink from here.

Author: hmm, I see your point. At the same time I think as this extension is called "Plywood-Gallery-For-VSCode", I'd like to mention the plywood gallery repo in the first sentence, but no strong opinion on that. Further, I think "Graphical Frameworks" sounds a bit arbitrary in this context. What about this:

```suggestion
This extension inserts code snippets into VS Code, where the snippets are represented by images.
```

Reviewer: Looks great, we can go with this one.

Thank you very much.

`gallery_config.yaml` file to picking the specific config file for the
gallery.

## Release Notes

Pre-release!

### 0.0.1

Initial release of the Plywood Gallery Extension

## Credits

> - [kolibril13](https://github.com/kolibril13) for building the [plywood gallery core library](https://github.com/kolibril13/plywood-gallery) and [a minimal example](https://github.com/kolibril13/plywood-gallery-minimal-example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [kolibril13](https://github.com/kolibril13) for building the [plywood gallery core library](https://github.com/kolibril13/plywood-gallery) and [the minimal example](https://github.com/kolibril13/plywood-gallery-minimal-example).```

> - [kolibril13](https://github.com/kolibril13) for building the [plywood gallery core library](https://github.com/kolibril13/plywood-gallery) and [the minimal example](https://github.com/kolibril13/plywood-gallery-minimal-example).```

Author: ```suggestion
- [kolibril13](https://github.com/kolibril13) for building the [plywood gallery core library](https://github.com/kolibril13/plywood-gallery) and [the minimal example](https://github.com/kolibril13/plywood-gallery-minimal-example).
```
